docs: filter rspack specific test cases (#7629)
web-infra-dev/rspack: website/docs/en/contribute/development/testing-rspack.mdx

- Or run `npm run test` from the `packages/rspack-test-tools` directory.
- To update snapshots, run `npm run test -- -u` from the `packages/rspack-test-tools` directory.
- To pass specific jest cli arguments, run `npm run test -- {args}` from the `packages/rspack-test-tools` directory.
- To filter specific test cases, run `npm run test -- -t path-of-spec` from the `packages/rspack-test-tools` directory.

>   - Like `npm run test -- -t config/asset` to only run test cases from the `packages/rspack-test-tools/configCases/asset` folder (config will be automatically mapped to configCases, and other folders work similarly).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Like `npm run test -- -t config/asset` to only run test cases from the `packages/rspack-test-tools/configCases/asset` folder (config will be automatically mapped to configCases, and other folders will work in a similar way).
```
